= jiveapps

* https://github.com/jivesoftware/jiveapps-gem

== DESCRIPTION:

The "jiveapps" gem is a set of command line tools for building and hosting Jive App front-ends.

These tools are all about making app development as easy as possible. After you install the tools, it only takes a single command to:
 
Create a new app - a simple Hello World application.
Set up version control for your code using Git.
Host the app code online at Jive's AppHosting server.
Register the app on the Jive Apps Marketplace as an app "in development".
Install the app on your default app dashboard in the Jive Apps Sandbox.
 
After you install, use this simple workflow to make changes and see them reflected in the sandbox:
 
Make a change to the code on your local machine.
Commit the changes to your local Git repository.
Push the changes to the remote Jive Apps repository. This automatically updates the hosted copy on the Jive AppHosting server.
Refresh the app dashboard or canvas page on the Jive Apps Sandbox and see your changes.

== SYNOPSIS:

Simple Workflow Example

$ jiveapps create myapp                    # create a new app named "myapp"
$ cd myapp                                 # switch into app's directory

 ... develop your app ...

$ git add .                                # stage all files for commit
$ git commit -m "some updates to my app"   # commit to your local git repository
$ git push jiveapps master                 # push updates to jive

== REQUIREMENTS:

1. Sign up as a developer on the Jive Apps Developer Community: https://developers.jivesoftware.com
2. Follow the setup instructions here: https://developers.jivesoftware.com/community/docs/DOC-1115

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install jiveapps

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.